Adding in a 'how to fix a quirk' with the old bootstrapper (#3624)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp: hub/powertoys/install.md

.\dark.exe -x ${Env:\USERPROFILE}"\Desktop\extractedPath" ${Env:\USERPROFILE}"\Desktop\PowerToysSetup-0.53.0-x64.exe"
````

### Fixes for uninstalling 0.51 and earlier builds issues

> If you have hit an issue where the MSI could have been cleaned up, you can grab the installer via the [PowerToys release page](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/releases) and then run the command.  You'll want to change the EXECUTABLE_INSTALLER_NAME to what the file name actually is.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have an issue where the MSI is not accessible, you can download the installer, that corresponds with the installed version, via the [PowerToys release page](https://github.com/microsoft/PowerToys/releases) and then run the following command. You'll want to change the EXECUTABLE_INSTALLER_NAME to what the file name actually is.
```

> In PowerShell, run `.\EXECUTABLE_INSTALLER_NAME.exe --extract_msi` and this will extract the MSI to your desktop.

Reviewer: Path does not need to be specified at all?

Author: At a certain point, we can only help so much.
